# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [3.15.3][] - 2024-04-10

### Added

- Added support for querying a Point of Interest for routability. 

## [3.15.2][] - 2023-08-30

### Changed

- Improved routing performance
- Updated to PWCore 3.12.2

## [3.15.1][] - 2023-03-28

- Added one-way portals support for escalators and stairs that only operate in one direction across floors.

## [3.15.0][] - 2022-12-01

### Added

- Added method to obtain the distance from a start point to the current route's destination: `func getShortestDistanceToDestination(from startPoint:resultQueue:completion:)`.
- Allow MaaS to override weighted distance associated with floor transitions.

### Fixed

- Fixed missing routine line when creating a route from the current location.
- Fixed blue dot not snapping to route after a floor changed.

## [3.14.0][] - 2022-08-23

### Changed

- Updated Public API signatures with DispatchQueue parameters.

### Added

- Added method to get distances from a starting location to all POIs: `PWRoute.getShortestDistancesToAllPOIs(from startPoint:options:resultQueue:completion:)`.
- Added default icon to display when a POI icon is not fetched yet.

### Fixed

- Fixed associated landmark routing to work with multi-building campuses.
- Fixed blue dot going behind POI icons.

## [3.13.0][] - 2022-04-18

### Added

- Added capability to display connected buildings during campus routing.

### Changed

- Optimized initial launch time.
- Allowed images for PWPointOfInterest objects to be provided by the application.

### Fixed

- Prevent crash when user swipes turn by turn cards quickly and then backgrounds the app.

## [3.12.0][] - 2021-07-28

### Changed

- Updated to PWLocation 3.11.0
- iOS deployment target increased from 10.0 to 13.0

### Fixed

- Fixed bugs related to campus routing

## [3.11.0][] - 2021-03-15

### Added

- Added support for campus routing.

## [3.10.1][] - 2020-09-03

### Changed

- Built and archived SDK with Xcode 12.

## [3.10.0][] - 2020-09-03

### Changed

- Migrated to use XCFrameworks

## [3.9.2][] - 2020-06-16

### Added

- Added support for custom points of interest images

### Changed

- Improved venue loading time

## [3.9.1][] - 2019-01-27

### Fixed

- Landmarks are now added to the last maneuver in a route
- Fixed bugs related filtering route points, specifically filtering route points that are explicitly excluded by ID

## [3.9.0][] - 2019-12-04

### Added

- Added Landmark Routing capability
- Added `landmarks` property to `PWRouteInstruction`. This property will be non-nil if route is generated with landmarks enabled.
- Added `PWFloorChangePOI` enum to expose POI types for common floor changes (such as stairs, elevators, and escalators)
- Added `start` and `end` properties to `PWRouteInstruction` to retrieve the first and last points in the maneuver
- Added `metadata` and `floor` properties to `PWRoutingWaypoint`
- Added `PWLandmarkType` and `PWLandmarkPosition` enumerations
- Added `PWRouteOptions` object for route creation

### Deprecated

- Deprecated  `PWRoute.createRoute(from:to:accessibility:excludedPoints:completion)`. Please use `PWRoute.createRoute(from:to:options:completion)`
- Deprecated the following cases of the `PWRouteInstructionDirection` enum: `.elevatorUp`, `.elevatorDown`, `.stairsUp`, `.stairsDown`, `.escalatorUp`, `.escalatorDown`
- Deprecated `PWRouteInstruction.movementDirection`. Please use `PWRouteInstruction.direction` instead. `PWRouteInstruction.direction` will not contain the deprecated cases listed above.
- Deprecated `PWRouteInstruction.movement`. Please do not use this API anymore, as it will be removed in the future. Insruction text should be generated by the application.
- Deprecated `PWRouteInstruction.turn`. Please do not use this API anymore, as it will be removed in the future. Insruction text should be generated by the application.

## [3.8.3][] - 2019-09-25

### Fixed

- Fix bug where tracking with heading on prevents floor switching from happening.

## [3.8.2][] - 2019-09-03

### Added

- Added subspec to import Location/NoAds

## [3.8.1][] - 2019-07-29

### Fixed

- Fixed bug where user is zoomed to coordinate (0,0)

### Added

- Added two options to the PWRouteUIOptions to resolve conflicts between the animation of setVisibleMapRect at beginning of Wayfinding and MapView Region Delegate methods.

## [3.8.0][] - 2019-04-02

### Changed

- Update for PWLocation 3.8.0 compatibility

### Added

- Managed Compass -- an alternate heading experience for sites that suffer from inaccurate heading
- Ability to blend GPS with indoor location providers based on configuration in the MaaS portal

## [3.7.1][] - 2019-02-20

### Changed

- Use new v3.0 Map-API

## [3.7.0][] - 2019-01-10

### Added

- Update for PWLocation 3.7.0 compatibility, which includes beacon maintenance features.

### Fixed 

- Fix route display not removed after completion
- Fix elevator route crash
- Fix call `setRouteManeuver` from `didChangeInstruction` infinite loop

## [3.6.0][] - 2018-11-14

### Changed

- Update for PWLocation 3.6.0 compatibility, with new PWCore 3.8.0 using new automatic screen view analytic events and simplified custom event creation.

## [3.5.2][] - 2018-10-02

### Added

- Add PWRouteOptions to customize the route UI

### Fixed

- Fix POI zoom levels sometimes not working

## [3.5.1][] - 2018-08-15

### Changed

- Update for PWLocation 3.5.1 compatibility

## [3.5.0][] - 2018-07-31

### Added

- Check for local floor PDF assets in app bundle before reaching out to server
- Waypoints in route line are now configurable and off by default
- Updated minimum deployment target to iOS 10

### Fixed

- Fix incorrect calculation for containsCoordinate on PWFloor
- Increase floor change routing weight to match server algorithm
- Fix for cut off POI names and missing POI names

## [3.4.1][] - 2018-05-31

### Changed

- Update to PWLocation 3.4.1
- Zoom in closer to building

## [3.4.0][] - 2018-05-08

### Added

- Update to PWLocation 3.4.0 which removes prompting for location permissions
- Added configurable cache fall back timeout when loading a building

### Fixed

- Fixed issue where PWMapView could freeze

## [3.3.1][] - 2018-04-16

### Added

- Added retry mechanism for floor pdfs

### Changed

- Update to PWLocation 3.3.4
- Exposes new bundle userInfo on PWBuilding object
- Exposes zoom level on POIs

### Fixed

- Fixed issue where module was not registered
- Fixed slow loading POI images

## [3.3.0][] - 2018-02-22

### Added

- Added support for JWT
- Added additional logging for troubleshooting

### Changed

- Update to PWLocation 3.3.x

### Fixed 

- Fixed issue with small POI icons on iOS 11
- Fixed crash when starting Location Sharing
- Fixed crash with annotation view
- Fixed issue where follow me mode is disabled on floor switch

## [3.2.0][] - 2017-11-17

### Changed

- Change `PWMapView` to be a subclass of `MKMapView`
- Be able to set initial floor for the building map through its delegate `[PWMapViewDelegate mapViewWillSetInitialFloor:]`.
- Be able to set initial display region for the building map through its delegate `[PWMapViewDelegate mapViewWillSetCameraAfterLoadingBuilding:]`.
- Upgrade instruction and change detail: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/wiki/Upgrade-from-3.x.x-to-[3.2.0][]

## [3.1.7][] - 2017-10-19

### Changed

- Update to PWLocation 3.1.9

## [3.1.6][] - 2017-10-13

### Added

- Add two new delegate callback for PWMapView:
    - `(void)mapView:(MKMapView *)mapView didSelectAnnotationView:(MKAnnotationView *)view;`
    - `(void)mapView:(MKMapView *)mapView didDeselectAnnotationView:(MKAnnotationView *)view;`

### Changed

- Update to PWLocation 3.1.8

## [3.1.5][] - 2017-08-17

### Fixed

- Fix route issue with a curved manuever.
- Fix orientation issue when the heading service is turned on by developer.

## [3.1.4][] - 2017-06-26

### Changed 

- Improve route calculator for finding shortest route path.
- User experience improvement by getting more stable route orientation.
- Add support for escalator with routing.

### Fixed

- Map floor rotates incorrectly while each floor has different rotation angle.
- Start/End of route has empty title.
- Changing map zoom levels for POI's are not reflected

## [3.1.3][] - 2017-04-19

### Fixed

- Can route from user location on first user location update
- PWCustomLocation public initialization method

## [3.1.2][] - 2017-04-12

### Added

- Add PWCustomPointOfInterest.
- Create route API can now accept points to exclude.

### Changed

- Significantly reduce times of zoom level calculator.
- Routing with tracking mode `Follow Me With Heading` improvement.
- Map load/render time lowered.
- Create PWMapPoint protocol and make POIs, waypoints, and custom location conform to it.

### Deprecated

- Deprecated startPointOfInterest and endPointOfInterest properties in PWRouteInstruction, replaced with startPoint and endPoint.
- Deprecated `initWithLatitude:` method in PWCustomLocation, replaced with `initWithCoordinate:`.

### Fixed

- Floor change intermittent failures.
- Route not found from current location to POI.

## [3.1.1][] - 2017-03-28

### Changed

- Enable `zoomLevel` property in PWMapView.
- Route behavior improvements:
    - Make `Follow Me` as default tracking mode.
    - Automatically enable `Follow me` tracking mode when device is close to current route instruction.
    - User can swipe to view future/past route instructions when `Follow Me` is enabled.

### Fixed

- Use the cached bundle instead when network is unavailable.
- Wrong route instruction text for elevator.
- The callback `mapView:didDeselectBuildingAnnotationView:` never be fired.
- The PointOfInterestType image is always nil.

## [3.1.0][] - 2017-01-27

### Changed

- Performance improvement for loading building data with bundle instead of numbers of API call.

### Deprecated

- Deprecated the API `+ (void)buildingWithIdentifier:(NSInteger)identifier usingCache:(BOOL) caching completion:(void(^)(PWBuilding *building, NSError *error))completion __deprecated;` in PWBuilding, which is replaced by new API `+ (void)buildingWithIdentifier:(NSInteger)identifier completion:(void(^)(PWBuilding *building, NSError *error))completion;`.

### Fixed

- Sometimes occupant can not zoom in as far as before once they have zoomed out on the map.

## [3.0.4][] - 2016-11-28

### Changed

- Avoid forcing map to current floor on navigation mode.

## [3.0.3][] - 2016-11-08

### Added

- Add observable/callback method for `trackingMode` in PWMapView.
- Support adding custom annotation/overlay in PWMapView.

## [3.0.2][] - 2016-10-25

### Added

- Add/improve APIs for supporting ADA.

### Fixed

- Fix the issue of memory leak.

## [3.0.1][] - 2016-10-07

### Changed

- Public more `PWMapKit` delegate methods and APIs which `MKMapView` has.
- Add `metaData` property in `PWPointOfInterest`.

## [3.0.0][] - 2016-07-25

### Changed

- API completely redesign.
- Add light weight UI view controllers.
- Performance improvements (PDF Tiling, Map/Building isolation, Memory reduction).

### Fixed

- Fixed crashes result from HTTP response handler.

## [2.6.0][] - 2015-09-30

### Changed

- Updated framework to leverage PWCore v2.0.0
- Updated internal networking interfaces to use HTTPS endpoints

### Fixed

- Fixed a race condition that would occur when trying to load building assets

## [2.5.1][] - 2015-07-20

### Added

- Added ability for developer to control whether or not the maneuver change is animated. See `- (BOOL)mapViewShouldAnimateAutomaticRouteManeuverChange:(PWMapView *)mapView` delegate method.
- Added new method to PWMapView, `-(void)setRouteManever:(PWRouteManever *)maneuver animated:(BOOL)animated` that allows you to control whether or no the maneuver is animated when switching. **NOTE**: The old method, `-(void)setRouteManeuver:(PWRouteManeuver *)maneuver` no longer animates the maneuver change.
- Added property to `PWDirectionsOptions` called `excludedPointIdentifiers`. Specify an array of point identifiers that you would like to exclude from routing. Please see `PWDirectionsOptions` header for more information.

### Changed

- Instrumented SDK with mapping & navigation analytics. Analytics are disabled by default. See `PWMapKitAnalytics` for more information and to enable.
- Updating zoom workaround to with iOS 8.4 and all subsequent iOS 8 versions. Note that the zoom workaround will not work on iOS 9 since iOS 9 resolves the issue.

### Fixed

- Fixed an issue where automatic maneuver switching would not work with the GPS location provider if the floor identifier was unknown. Now switches the to closest maneuver on a given floor.
- Fixed an issue where toggling the zoom workaround on/off would no longer preserve the center position.

## [2.5.0][] - 2015-06-04

### Added

- Added support for turn-by-turn directions. Turn-by-turn maneuvers can be accessed by accessing the `maneuvers` property on a `PWRoute` object. You can plot a route maneuver on a `PWMapView` intance by calling `setRouteManeuver:` with a valid `PWRouteManeuver` object. All previous route behavior is still present and unaffected. Please see the turn-by-turn sample as an example of how to implement turn-by-turn. **NOTE**: You will need to plot a route maneuver in order to enter turn-by-turn mode.
- Route maneuvers switch automatically when location upates are available and the indoor user tracking mode is set to `PWIndoorUserTrackingModeFollow` or `PWIndoorUserTrackingModeFollowWithHeading`. You can manually set route maneuvers if desired but that will set the indoor user tracking mode to `PWIndoorUserTrackingModeNone`.
- Added new class, `PWRouteManeuever`. A route maneuver encapsulates information related to given maneuver such as turn direction, distance and other information.
- Route steps are now automatically selected by the SDK in response to user initiated floor changes or location updates. A new callback has been created when a route step changes.
- Added `PWMapView` delegate callback `mapView:didChangeRouteStep:`. This method is called whenever the `PWRouteStep` being displayed by the map view changes.
- Added `PWMapView` delegate callback `mapView:didChangeRouteManeuver:`. This method is called whenever the `PWRouteManeuver` being displayed by the map changes.
- Routing and maneuver overlays now use the `mapView.tintColor` property when rendering their overlays.
- When registering a `PWGPSLocationManager` with the map view the location will now show on all floors regardless of whether or not there is a valid `floorIDMapping` match.
- Beta release of turn-by-turn features

## [2.4.1][] - 2015-04-27

### Added

- Added horizontal accuracy bubble to indoor blue dot view.
- Added discreet sample apps for Pin Drop, Zoom Workaround, POI Management

### Fixed

- Fixed issue where `didFailToLoadBuilding:` was not being called while in airplane mode on initial launch with no cached data.
- Fixed a memory issue where route steps and segments were not being released when destroying a `PWMapView` instance.
- Fixed issue where `PWMapView` delegate method `mapView:didChangeIndoorUserTrackingMode:` would not be called in certain instance.
- Fixed regression which made `PWBuildingAnnotationView` hard to tap.

## [2.4.0][] - 2015-03-13

### Added

- Added the ability to enable and disable annotation zoom levels. See the `annotationZoomLevelsEnabled` property on `PWMapView` for more information.
- Added the ability for users to add and remove `PWBuildingAnnotation` objects to and from the map view. NOTE: When adding or removing annotations, only `annotationID` equality will be checked.
- Added the ability to stop loading a building. See `stopLoadingBuilding` method on `PWMapView` for more information.
- Added a flag to `PWBuildingAnnotationProtocol`, `occlusionEnabled`. This flag determines whether the annotation label for a given annotation will be occluded by other labels. If `occlusionEnabled` is set to `NO`, the annotation label will **always*- be visible.
- `PWMapView` now correctly calls the delegate callback ` -mapView:didChangeIndoorUserTrackingMode:`.
- Added options that allow routing from any point of interest, user location or dropped pin annotation to any other point of interest, user location or dropped pin annotation (in other words, any type of route endpoint is now allowed on either end of the route). See `PWDirections` and `PWDirectionsWaypointProtocol` for more information.
- Enhanced routing functionality now uses a synchronous directions request interface. The former asynchronous request/response model is still supported but will be deprecated.

### Changed

- Renamed `PWBuildingOverlayDelegate` to `PWBuildingOverlayDelegateProtocol`.

### Deprecated

- Deprecated the old indoor location manager registration interface in favor of a more simply named method with accompanying unregister method.

### Removed

- Removed the `-setCurrentFloor:` PWMapView property mutator declaration and removed the `readonly` attribute of the property.

### Fixed

- Fixed a bug where inaccessible routes were sometimes returned for accessible-only requests.
- Fixed a bug where routing between two points on the same floor would sometimes return a route that spanned multiple floors.
- Fixed a bug where setting `showsIndoorUserLocation` on `PWMapView to ‘NO’ would not hide the blue dot.
- Fixed a bug where toggling route snapping tolerance would not resume route snapping when reenabled.
- Fixed a bug where memory for the routing graph wasn't being released when the `PWMapView` instance was being deallocated.
- Fixed a bug where building assets would get ‘stuck’ while the user’s blue dot continued to move during a route across multiple floors (with a valid indoor location).

## [2.3.1][] - 2015-05-02

### Changed

- Updated `PWRouteOverlayRenderer` initializer to accept a building overlay as part of initialization: `- (instancetype)initWithRouteOverlay:(PWRouteOverlay *)overlay buildingOverlay:(PWBuildingOverlay *)buildingOverlay`

### Fixed

- Fixed bug where when routing across multiple floors with a valid indoor location the build asset would get 'stuck' while the blue dot continued to move.

## [2.3.0][] - 2015-01-29

### Added

- Added new "blue dot smoothing" functionality to provide a better user location tracking experience.
- Added `blueDotSmoothingEnabled` boolean property to `PWMapView` for turning blue dot smoothing on and off.
- Added `routeSnappingTolerance` enumeration property to `PWMapView` for turning off route snapping or setting a different tolerance.
- Added a **temporary*- iOS 8 mapping zoom level workaround that will be removed as soon as Apple fixes their zoom level inadequacies.  Using the zoom level is explicit (not based on user-specified zoom scale) and is changed using the `-toggleZoomWorkaround` method.  The property `isUsingZoomWorkaround` indicates the current state of use of this workaround.  When in use, the workaround draws building assets at 4x their usual size and points of interest are repositioned accordingly.
- Added KVO notifications to the `PWMapView` property `indoorUserTrackingMode`.
- Added a `buildingAnnotations` property on `PWMapView` that contains all points of interest for the current building.
- Added `showBuildingAnnotation:animated:` method that focuses the map view to the provided annotation with optional animation. NOTE: This method will not work for object copies of POIs obtained from the building manager or elsewhere.  In order to find an annotation by identifier, name, or other property, simply search the `buildingAnnotations` property.  This method will automatically change floors on the map if necessary.  It will also zoom in to the maximum zoom level.

### Changed

- `PWMapView` now honors the `maxZoomLevel` parameter for `PWBuildingAnnotation` objects
- You no longer need to manage the annotation image at the application level. `PWBuildingAnnotationView` now manages caching and loading of the annotation image internally.
- Building floors are now ordered in ascending order based on the `floorLevel` value.
- The `PWMapView` now only loads annotations for the current floor. The previous behavior was to load all building annotations and show/hide as necessary. `mapView.annotations` will now only return annotations for the current floor. If you would like to use all building annotations please use the `buildingAnnotations` property.
- You can now switch to `PWIndoorUserTrackingModeFollowWithHeading` while in routing mode. Note that the default indoor user tracking mode is still `PWIndoorUserTrackingModeFollow`.
- Consolidated all cached mapping data into one cache directory under `Library/Caches`.
- Mapping data cache expiration bumped to 24 hours. It was previously incorrectly set to 1.75 hours.
- Cleaned up public interfaces, removing extraneous and non-functional methods.
- Floor change no longer breaks the current indoor user tracking mode. See Wiki for additional details on user tracking behavior.
- Many bug fixes and performance enhancements
- Small updates to sample code

## [2.2.0][] - 2014-10-31

### Fixed

- Fixed issue where `imageURL` property on a PWBuildingAnnotation would sometimes return `nil`
- Fixed issue where POI icon image would not display on first load under certain memory constrained conditions
- Updated sample app to resolve to some routing centering issues

### Added

- `PWAnnotation` (protocol) renamed to `PWAnnotationProtocol`
- Added `PWAnnotationType`
- `PWBuilding`
- No longer conforms to NSCopying
- No longer conforms to NSSecureCoding
- Atomicized and write-protected properties
- Formalized building and campus identifier types
- `PWBuildingAnnotation` (protocool) renamed to `PWBuildingAnnotationProtocol`
- `PWBuildingFloor`
- Atomicized and write-protected properties
- Formalized building and campus identifier types
- `PWBuildingFloorReference`
- No longer conforms to NSCopying
- No longer conforms to NSSecureCoding
- Atomicized and write-protected properties
- `PWBuildingFloorResource`
- No longer conforms to NSCopying
- No longer conforms to NSSecureCoding
- Atomicized and write-protected properties
- `PWBuildingManager`
- Added method for fetching annotation types: `-(void)getBuildingAnnotationTypesWithCompletion:(PWBuildingAnnotationTypesHandler)completion`
- `PWBuildingOverlay`
- Atomicized properties
- `PWMapView`
- Added `-(void)willAppear` and `-(void)didAppear`. These properties should be used in conjunction with `UIViewController` methods.
- `PWMapViewDelegate` (protocol) renamed to `PWMapViewDelegateProtocol`
- `PWRouteStep`
- Added `annotations` property

## [2.1.2][] - 2014-10-07

### Fixed

- Fixed issue where building annotation callout view displaying would cause strange behavior on iOS 8
- Small bug fixes and optimiziations

## [2.1.1][] - 2014-09-18

### Added

- General availability for native mapping SDK. See README.md for integration details.
- Added support for labels in PWBuildingAnnotationView
- Added support for real-time dynamic label occlusion
- Added support for Phunware zoom levels. See POI details in MaaS portal to configure.

### Changed

- PWMapKit now has a dependency on PWLocation

### Removed

- Removed location providers from PWMapKit and added to PWLocation SDK.

### Fixed

- Several bug fixes related to map positioning

## [2.0.3][] - 2014-07-10

### Fixed

- Fixed crashing issue with `registerLocationManagerForIndoorLocationUpdates` method.
- Fixed issue where multiple navigation annotations were appearing on the map view when scrolling
- Fixed crashing issue in sample related to route view controller

## [2.0.2][] - 2014-07-09

### Added

- Native mapping beta release

## [1.0.0][] - 2014-01-01

### Added

- Initial release

[3.15.3]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/3.15.2...3.15.3
[3.15.2]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/3.15.1...3.15.2
[3.15.1]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/3.15.0...3.15.1
[3.15.0]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/3.14.0...3.15.0
[3.14.0]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/3.13.0...3.14.0
[3.13.0]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v3.12.0...3.13.0
[3.12.0]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v3.11.0...v3.12.0
[3.11.0]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v3.10.1...v3.11.0
[3.10.1]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v3.10.0...v3.10.1
[3.10.0]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v3.9.2...v3.10.0
[3.9.2]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v3.9.1...v3.9.2
[3.9.1]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v3.9.0...v3.9.1
[3.9.0]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v3.8.3...v3.9.0
[3.8.3]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v3.8.2...v3.8.3
[3.8.2]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v3.8.1...v3.8.2
[3.8.1]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v3.8.0...v3.8.1
[3.8.0]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v3.7.1...v3.8.0
[3.7.1]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v3.7.0...v3.7.1
[3.7.0]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v3.6.0...v3.7.0
[3.6.0]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v3.5.2...v3.6.0
[3.5.2]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v3.5.1...v3.5.2
[3.5.1]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v3.5.0...v3.5.1
[3.5.0]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v3.4.1...v3.5.0
[3.4.1]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v3.4.0...v3.4.1
[3.4.0]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v3.3.1...v3.4.0
[3.3.1]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v3.3.0...v3.3.1
[3.3.0]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v3.2.0...v3.3.0
[3.2.0]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v3.1.7...v3.2.0
[3.1.7]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v3.1.6...v3.1.7
[3.1.6]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v3.1.5...v3.1.6
[3.1.5]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v3.1.4...v3.1.5
[3.1.4]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v3.1.3...v3.1.4
[3.1.3]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v3.1.2...v3.1.3
[3.1.2]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v3.1.1...v3.1.2
[3.1.1]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v3.1.0...v3.1.1
[3.1.0]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v3.0.4...v3.1.0
[3.0.4]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v3.0.3...v3.0.4
[3.0.3]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v3.0.2...v3.0.3
[3.0.2]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v3.0.1...v3.0.2
[3.0.1]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v3.0.0...v3.0.1
[3.0.0]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v2.6.0...v3.0.0
[2.6.0]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v2.5.1...v2.6.0
[2.5.1]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v2.5.0...v2.5.1
[2.5.0]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v2.4.1...v2.5.0
[2.4.1]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v2.4.0...v2.4.1
[2.4.0]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v2.3.1...v2.4.0
[2.3.1]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v2.3.0...v2.3.1
[2.3.0]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v2.2.0...v2.3.0
[2.2.0]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v2.1.2...v2.2.0
[2.1.2]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v2.1.1...v2.1.2
[2.1.1]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v2.0.3...v2.1.1
[2.0.3]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v2.0.2...v2.0.3
[2.0.2]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/compare/v1.0.0...v2.0.2
[1.0.0]: https://github.com/phunware/maas-mapping-ios-sdk/tree/v1.0.0
